F.A.P-Food-Aliment-Portal

When transportation is one of the major factor of economy and food transportation is major and important too in these conditions our current transportation and cold storage waste both resources and money than we present a better transportation cold storage system which works on the blockchain function which calculates temperature and regulates temp of the storage automatically according to cities on the basis of their weather condition these cities will work as a checkpoint and this checkpoints will provide data to the system making a better and an efficient cold storage system.

The country where farmers are suiciding due to poverty and most of their profit is been eaten by distributors. We present a better food distributing system as a solution which works on replacing all distributors with a supreme one. This organization will work as an ultimate distribution system where the extra profit of the farmer will be saved in this amount will be provided them as an map. This will enhance their economical condition with smart distribution system efficiency will be maintained and with government farmers are been provided with an extra map and all the distributors which waste resources just for money will be replaced and life of many farmers will be saved with better food production.


We are tried to build food network portal. Here is login page. What you need is a valid email address. Just after the login page there will open a web portal that you can use to variety of purpose as will be explained soon. As we mentioned yesterday, we wanted to give our portal a different design that will attractive not only to professionals who need to use our portal, but also to an avg Indian guy. Hence, we have given our portal a social network type of interface…giving us an opportunity to connect various aspects of food sectors together because the right now one sector doesn’t understand another sector very much. Leading to bad quality of service. We have added every feature that people might expect from social network. For example, imagine you are a consumer who is getting bad quality of product from seller. what options do you have right now...? You can’t go to the government because the cause of your problem is not big enough for them to act or even notice. Of course, you can go to the media. as they give problem a public notice. But how often does that happen? This is where we come in. Instead of complaining to the specific organization or person just raise your concern on this platform. And mention the person who is responsible for that. Our portal will have complete info of how that food items started from farm and reached your plate. This will also help in debugging the cause of your error. Because right now there is no reliability leading to an individual or organization paying the cost instead of defaulter(s). They can message, you can text other sellers. you can text us. if interested you can give feedback maybe show some appreciation towards the farmers. I would like to confess that focus of our portal is not consumer. Not seller..not transporter.. “IT’S A FARMER” The producer. The person who most of the time is least benefited by his yield. Something he gives most time. Working hard. But many of the farmers in India are happy with local distributors they are earning good profit. 

 
